hello everyone and welcome to next car
game so I fought this plate I'll play
this game then purely for lowes it's an
upcoming game it's pre alpha at the
moment of pre all of it so you get a
early access i'm sure you probably see
not wanted to other channels I thought
I'd give it a crack just for except
purely for low so this is just
destruction derby with 24 23 other cars
24 cars there we go Stadium 24 cars last
man standing so go destroy everyone
local worst cars it's an amazing game
really simple and we're off now then so
like I said just got take other cars out
like am the physically this gamer
amazing it's just so fun oh oh nobody
spinning it's a little lagging that's
because I'm on pretty high settings it
was okay when I went for it look at that
guy I didn't really work that's gone
horribly don't hit me auto stuck I'm
stuck ah ha ha ha all pile on I'll xing
that well look at this oh my god this is
insane oh my god ah guys go out this
place Oh game spy name at least one of
the way now let's run up here let me
know if you enjoyed this video as well
because i'll do some more from this game
it's not just destruction derby it it's
a lot of other stuff as well so i was
big hit and having going to take down to
23 cars remaining so I thought what we
starts with a look at this car already
it's completely destroyed of something
the physics are amazing how I really
does get compal dinner than you haven't
got all it's gonna be Rick it look at
the front of that car put on my car so
really carrying or is it what's going on
over here and get one of these
better we drift then I'm still steering
but there's no mechanical damage in this
game which is kind of makes it fun to be
honest it straight into the middle bit I
look like hahaha there's just no for
them to anymore I can barely steer
there's not really there's a bit of
steering damage obviously and if your
wheels can get inside the car so you
can't ask you at it but it's no physical
mechanical damage the engine won't
actually just stop which makes it really
really fun if into just stop what I mean
look they would have stopped by now oh
that's the wrecked car can want to be in
him unnecessary damage that to myself
brilliant and hit right now again Oh
concrete or this thing I'm this using
WASD you'll use the arrow keys so over
we're anything that's not this games
about look at the front of my car
where's my front wheels we're even our
front wheels I'm able to steer so
they're somewhere but no idea where 01
hitman on its game car missed him Oh No
Fee edges off the edge knowledge whore
whore whore whore savvy mar what could
have my park haha hazing then he's seven
people left now something pretty good
don't home still alive with my car and
they stay i don't hit that oh yes take
down fire another car and what's real or
not what's alive i don'ti that what's
alive and what's dead now you would try
and work out got beer take a bit of
speed and he come down but I want to be
it now and look at this list I boo from
go get that one yeah
let's go here boom take down yes only
three remaining out that doesn't include
me so three other cars are main in just
win this the real nose not let me alive
oh I missed it oh I took myself for help
oh what a nightmare amidst in fourth
place though not bad frags that means
how many were took down I took down two
people and a little bit laggy there
think I'll put down the equality for the
next video but it happens that was a
next car game then like I said just
purely flawless all it's about just
smashing stuff up there will be a fit
there will be proper racing and that is
in this demo as well but we do one or
two of those but um it's yeah its
worldwide smashing cars I was really
worried about her Bluff it is for this
video that all right thank you for
watching like I said let me know if
enjoyed it bye bye